README.md, before:

# 🃏 Memory Card Game

A simple memory card matching game built with **JavaScript**, **HTML**, and **CSS**. Players flip two cards at a time to find matching pairs. The goal is to match all pairs with the fewest moves possible.

---

## Site contents
- Main game area
- Timer & turns counter
- Modal popup with game instructions

---

## UX Design
### Overview
The memmory card game was developed with following functionality and design aspects in mind.
- Mobile-friendly, designed to be responsive so that it can be used by anyone on any device.
- Minamilistic, Site is simple and clear, easy for the user to understand what they are there for.

---

## 🎮 Features
- Flip cards to reveal hidden symbols  
- Match pairs to clear them from the board  
- Track the number of moves and time taken  
- Restart button to play again  
- Responsive design for desktop and mobile  

---

## 🚀 Live Website
[👉 Live Demo](#) 

---

## 🛠️ Technologies Used
- **HTML5** – structure  
- **CSS3** – styling & animations  
- **JavaScript (ES6)** – game logic  

---

Commit message:

change text colours on modal and heading - add user stories sectioon to readme.

README.md, after:

# 🃏 Memory Card Game

A simple memory card matching game built with **JavaScript**, **HTML**, and **CSS**. Players flip two cards at a time to find matching pairs. The goal is to match all pairs with the fewest moves possible.

---

## Site contents
- Main game area
- Timer & turns counter
- Modal popup with game instructions

---

## UX Design
### Overview
The memmory card game was developed with following functionality and design aspects in mind.
- Mobile-friendly, designed to be responsive so that it can be used by anyone on any device.
- Minamilistic, Site is simple and clear, easy for the user to understand what they are there for.

### Accessability 
To cater to as many people as possible this website uses different measures to be more accessible.
- clear aria labels on flipped cards with clear descriptions.
- Responsive design that changes to all screen sizes.

---

## User stories
### As a new visitor
1. I want to know what the purpose of the website is. So that I know whether it interests me.
2. I want to know how to use the game. So that i'm able to play the game prperly without any issues.
3. I want to be able to see how long i takes me to complete the game. So that I can try to progress in how quickly i complete the game.

### As the site owner 
1. I want the site to be simple and clutter free. So that visitors enjoy playing the game.

### As the developer
1. I want clear and readable code. So that the site is easy to maintain.

---

## Design choices
The following design choices were made with accessability in mind, keeping the site looking attractive as usable.

### Colour


---

## 🎮 Features
- Flip cards to reveal hidden symbols  
- Match pairs to clear them from the board  
- Track the number of moves and time taken  
- Restart button to play again  
- Responsive design for desktop and mobile  

---

## 🛠️ Technologies Used
- **HTML5** – structure  
- **CSS3** – styling & animations  
- **JavaScript (ES6)** – game logic  

---
